Announcer:
PREVIOUSLY ON YU-GI-OH...
Para: BEFORE YOU PASS...
Dox: ACROSS THIS CHAMBER...
YOU MUST AGREE...
TO FACE THE DANGER.
SO LET THE CONTEST...
NOW BEGIN.
AGAINST US,
ONE MERE DUELIST
WOULD BE CREAMED.
SO YOU MUST DUEL
AS A TEAM.
TAG TEAM IT IS.
AND I'D BE HONORED
IF JOEY WOULD DUEL
BY MY SIDE.
YOU GOT IT, BRO.
FIRST-TURN HONORS ARE MINE.
UHH. UHH. LABYRINTH WALL!
A MAZE?
QUITE RIGHT.
AND UNLESS YOU CAN
NAVIGATE IT CORRECTLY,
YOU'LL BE LOST
IN THIS PASSAGEWAY
FOREVER.
AXE RAIDER
IN ATTACK MODE.
[GRUNTS]
AND I'LL ALSO
PLACE ONE OTHER CARD
FACE DOWN ON THE FIELD.
JIRAI GUMO.
I'LL ALSO LAY
THE LABYRINTH TANK
IN ATTACK MODE
AND MOVE IT FORWARD
7 SPACES.
I PLAY
THE CELTIC GUARDIAN
IN ATTACK MODE.
[GRUNTS]
ADVANCE 4 PACES
INTO THE MAZE.
WALL SHADOW,
ATTACK CELTIC GUARDIAN NOW!
[ROARS]
HMM. I'M AFRAID NOT.
KUNAI WITH CHAIN!
WHAT IS THIS?
Joey: REEL HIM IN,
AXE RAIDER.
THE CARD I PLAYED
FACE-DOWN BEFORE
WAS A TRAP CARD--
KUNAI WITH CHAIN.
IT CAPTURES ANY OPPONENT
THAT ATTACKS.
Yugi: CELTIC GUARDIAN,
ATTACK WALL SHADOW!
[ROARS]
Joey: SO NOW
IT'S LIGHTS OUT
FOR YOUR SHADOW.
NO!
HEH. IF WE KEEP THIS UP,
WE'LL WIN
THIS DOUBLE DUEL
AND HAVE
ENOUGH STAR SHIPS
TO ENTER THE CASTLE.
TEAMWORK, YUGI!
RIGHT.
MASTER PEGASUS,
I THOUGHT
YOU'D WANT TO KNOW
SETO KAIBA'S
BEEN SPOTTED
ON THE ISLAND.
DON'T WORRY.
KAIBA WILL COME TO US.
AFTER ALL,
WE HAVE THE BAIT.
[PEGASUS LAUGHS]
[ECHOING]
YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
IT'S TIME
TO D-D-D-D-D-DUEL!
[ECHOING]
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
Kaiba, thinking: I'M ALMOST
TO PEGASUS' CASTLE.
I'VE GOTTA BE
ON MY GUARD.
HIS GOONS ARE EVERYWHERE,
BUT THEY WON'T STOP ME.
NOTHING WILL.
MOKUBA'S LIFE'S AT STAKE,
AND NOTHING'S MORE IMPORTANT
THAN MY LITTLE BROTHER.
AFTER OUR PARENTS DIED,
I PROMISED I'D ALWAYS
TAKE CARE OF HIM,
AND I WILL.
HE'S ALWAYS
LOOKED UP TO ME,
AND I WON'T
DISAPPOINT HIM.
NOT NOW. NOT EVER.
Kemo: SO IT'S THE FAMOUS
SETO KAIBA.
HUH?
SEARCHING FOR YOUR
LITTLE BROTHER, NO DOUBT.
HEH HEH HEH HEH.
YOU'RE COMIN' WITH ME.
AAH!
UNH!
OHHH.
ACTUALLY,
YOU'RE COMING WITH ME.
[GROANS]
YOU'RE GONNA HELP ME
FIND MOKUBA,
WHEREVER
PEGASUS HAS HIM.
AND YOU'RE GONNA START
BY GETTING ME
INTO THAT CASTLE.
Para: WITH A TRAP,
YOU STOPPED OUR ATTACK...
JUST AS YOU DID PLEDGE.
BUT WITH OUR SCORES...
AHEAD OF YOURS,
WE STILL HAVE THE EDGE.
HMM.
Joey: WE'RE
JUST GETTIN' STARTED.
[THINKING] HMM.
SO FAR, THE ONLY MONSTER
I GOT IN THE FIELD
IS MY AXE RAIDER.
I NEED TO BOLSTER
OUR ATTACK FORCE.
MMM.
[GROWLS]
NOW MY FLAME SWORDSMAN
WILL HEAT THINGS UP.
I PUT IT IN ATTACK MODE.
ITS POWER LEVEL IS 5,
BUT I'LL MOVE
ONLY 4 SPACES.
I'LL ALSO
MOVE AXE RAIDER
FORWARD 4 SPACES
TO JOIN HIM
AND CONSOLIDATE
OUR FORCES.
I'VE ALREADY
USED UP KUNAI WITH
CHAIN'S TRAP EFFECT,
BUT IT STILL WORKS
AS A REGULAR
ACCESSORY CARD,
RAISING AXE RAIDER'S
ATTACK POWER
BY 500 POINTS.
LET'S SEE YOU
TAKE THAT ON,
YOU TWISTED TWINS.
Para: IT DOESN'T MATTER
IF YOUR FORCES ARE ONE
OR MANY, FOR SOON...
THERE WON'T BE ANY.
LABYRINTH TANK,
ADVANCE 7 MORE SPACES.
LABYRINTH TANK
WIELDS FUTURISTIC WEAPONRY.
YOUR ARCHAIC SOLDIERS
DON'T STAND A CHANCE,
AND SOON THEY WILL
BE WITHIN STRIKING RANGE.
Para: AND SOMEWHERE
IN THE LABYRINTH
LURKS ANOTHER TRAP
FOR YOUR UNWARY WARRIORS.
DO YOU REALLY THINK
YOU STAND A CHANCE?
Joey: DON'T YOU TWO
EVER STOP YAKKIN'?
YOU'RE UP, YUGI.
THEN I PLAY
DARK MAGICIAN
IN ATTACK MODE.
I MOVE HIM FORWARD
5 SPACES
TO DEFEND
OUR OTHER WARRIORS.
Joey: COOL.
NICE MOVE, YUGI.
NOW THE GANG'S ALL HERE.
THEY'RE A TEAM,
JUST LIKE
YOU AND ME, PAL.
Yugi:
RIGHT, JOEY. THERE'S
STRENGTH IN NUMBERS.
TOGETHER THEY STAND
A MUCH BETTER CHANCE
OF CONQUERING
THIS MURDEROUS MAZE.
[GROWLS]
Para: WE SHALL SEE
ABOUT THAT.
HMM.
Joey: QUIT GRINNIN'
AND SPIT IT OUT.
WHAT IS IT?
Para:
IT'S A MAGIC CARD,
AND THAT'S CAUSE
FOR CELEBRATION, BROTHER.
Dox: RIGHT!
HYAH.
HYAH!
HOI-OI-OI-OI-OH.
HA!
DA!
NOW FACE THE WALL-WARPING
POWER OF...
MAGICAL LABYRINTH!
HUH?
WHAT'S GOIN' ON?
Téa: THE MAZE,
IT'S CHANGING,
AND THAT CHANGES
THE WHOLE GAME.
OH, NO. THE MAZE
IS CHANGING SHAPE!
Joey: YEAH,
BUT WHAT'S IT ALL MEAN?
[ALL GASP]
THAT'S JUST GREAT.
OUR GUYS ARE CUT OFF
FROM EACH OTHER.
[THINKING]
HA HA HA HA.
THAT'S THE POWER
OF THE MAGICAL LABYRINTH--
TO RESHAPE THE MAZE
ACCORDING TO OUR WILL.
THAT SHOULD RATTLE THEM.
Dox: TAG TEAMS
ARE ONLY AS STRONG
AS THEIR WEAKEST LINK,
AND THE LINK THAT'S
ABOUT TO BREAK IS YOU!
OH, NO.
OUR STRATEGY'S BLOWN.
Yugi: DON'T LET THEM
RATTLE YOU, JOEY.
HUH? RIGHT, YUG.
GOTTA KEEP CALM.
AXE RAIDER,
FLAME SWORDSMAN,
ADVANCE AND REGROUP.
THE CLOSER OUR BOYS
GET TO THE MAZE EXIT,
THE CLOSER WE GET
TO GETTIN' OUTTA HERE.
HEH HEH HEH HEH HEH.
Yugi: WAIT!
JOEY, LOOK OUT!
TOO LATE.
HE ACTIVATED MY TRAP.
WHA--
AND NOW
THE LAND MINE SPIDER
ATTACKS AXE RAIDER.
MMM.
Joey: FEND HIM OFF,
AXE RAIDER.
HE'S TOO WEAK.
JIRAI GUMO REDUCES
AXE RAIDER'S ATTACK POWER
TO ITS ORIGINAL 1,700.
[GASPS] THAT MEANS--
Dox: YOUR AXE RAIDER
IS VANQUISHED...
Para: AND YOU LOSE
400 LIGHT POINTS.
[BOTH CHUCKLE]
400 POINTS?
YOU'RE RIGHT.
JOEY JUST WALKED
RIGHT
INTO THAT ONE.
Para:
GOOD TRAP, MY BROTHER.
MMM. THAT'S
JUST THE BEGINNING.
LABYRINTH TANK,
ADVANCE 7 MORE.
AND THEN
I'LL LAY ONE MORE CARD
IN DEFENSE MODE.
Joey: AREN'T YOU GONNA
TELL US WHAT IT IS?
[CHUCKLES]
YOU HAVE ENOUGH
TO WORRY ABOUT.
MY LABYRINTH TANK IS NOW
WITHIN STRIKING DISTANCE
OF YOUR FLAME SWORDSMAN.
IT'S ALL OVER FOR HIM
IN THE NEXT TURN.
THEN YOU CAN WORRY
ABOUT WHAT OTHER SURPRISES
I HAVE IN STORE.
HEH HEH HEH HEH HEH.
[GROANS]
THIS DOESN'T
LOOK GOOD.
TELL ME ABOUT IT.
IT'S A GOOD THING
YUGI'S UP NEXT.
HMM.
WE'LL COUNTERATTACK.
I PLAY THE MAGIC CARD
MYSTIC BOX
IN COMBINATION
WITH THE DARK MAGICIAN.
Both: AAAIII!
I SEAL MY DARK MAGICIAN
WITHIN
THE FIRST MYSTIC BOX
AS SWORDS
RAIN FROM THE SKY!
HMM. WHAT'S THIS?
THE DUELIST'S GONE MAD,
SACRIFICING HIS OWN MONSTER.
NO, WAIT. LOOK.
HUH?
Dox: ANOTHER BOX
MATERIALIZING
AROUND MY JIRAI GUMO?
AAH!
Dox: MY SPIDER IS SKEWERED!
AND HIS DARK MAGICIAN IS...
UNHARMED?!
RIGHT. MY DARK MAGICIAN
MAGICALLY SWITCHED
HIS POSITION
WITH THAT
OF YOUR MONSTER,
TRAPPING HIM IN
THE FIRST MYSTIC BOX
AND ENDING
MY MAGIC ACT.
Joey: ALL RIGHT.
LET'S SEE
CUE BALL TOP THAT.
HMM.
Yugi:
AND NOW FOR HIS TANK.
DARK MAGICIAN--
DARK MAGIC ATTACK!
[ELECTRICITY CRACKLES]
LET'S SEE WHAT THAT DOES
TO YOUR LIFE POINTS.
AAH!
TOGETHER, JOEY AND I
WILL OVERCOME ANY OBSTACLES
THAT YOU TWO
PUT IN OUR WAY.
Kaiba: YOU HAVE
SECURITY CLEARANCE.
OPEN IT.
Kemo: DON'T YOU THINK
WE SHOULD RING THE BELL?
I THINK YOU SHOULD
SHUT YOUR MOUTH
AND OPEN THE DOOR.
OPEN IT NOW.
[CHUCKLES]
YOU DO KNOW NO ONE
TAKES PEGASUS BY SURPRISE.
HE PROBABLY ALREADY
KNOWS YOU'RE HERE...
SOMEHOW.
Mokuba, thinking:
BIG BROTHER...
WHERE ARE YOU?
Joey:
OK, DUMBO DUO,
NOW WE'RE GONNA
CLEAN YOUR CLOCKS.
Dox: OF YOURSELF
YOU THINK TOO MUCH.
SHOW THEM, BROTHER,
OUR LUCKY TOUCH.
[SNICKERS]
HUH?
HMM?
Joey: I DON'T LIKE IT
WHEN THAT GOON GRINS.
Para: SANGA OF THUNDER
IS ONE OF 3 GODS
THAT CONTROL THUNDER,
WIND, AND WATER.
THE REMAINING 2 CARDS
ARE SUIJIN, GOD OF WATER,
AND KAZEJIN, GOD OF WIND.
IF OUR LUCK HOLDS
2 MORE TURNS
AND WE ACQUIRE THEM ALL,
THEY CAN BE COMBINED
TO CREATE THE GATE GUARDIAN!
QUIT YOUR MUMBLIN',
NO-HAIR!
JUST HURRY UP
AND MOVE.
NOT SO HASTY.
I WILL LAY THIS CARD
FACE DOWN, ENDING MY TURN.
INTRIGUING, EH?
WHAT COULD BE IN THERE?
Joey: HEH. I DON'T KNOW,
BUT WE'LL BUST IT OPEN
AND FIND OUT
WHEN OUR GUYS GET THERE.
FLAME SWORDSMAN,
ADVANCE 5 MORE SPACES
TOWARD THE END OF THE MAZE.
WE'RE ALMOST THERE, YUGI.
[GROWLS]
[THINKING]
I CAN'T LET THEM
ESCAPE THE MAZE
UNTIL WE'VE ASSEMBLED
ALL THE PIECES
OF THE GUARDIAN.
NOW WE'LL TEST MY LUCK.
[SINISTER CHUCKLE]
[THINKING]
SUIJIN, THE WATER GOD.
LOOKS LIKE I'VE
DOUBLED OUR DELIGHTS.
HEH HEH HEH HEH HEH.
ANOTHER CHINESE BOX.
Bakura: WHAT COULD THEY BE?
[YUGI SIGHS]
[THINKING]
I'VE GOT A BAD FEELING
ABOUT THOSE BOXES.
I SENSE SOMETHING
ANCIENT AND EVIL.
IT'S LIKE
I CAN FEEL A POWERFUL,
DANGEROUS ENERGY
PULSATING INSIDE THEM.
[THINKING]
WE CANNOT SUMMON
THE GATEKEEPER YET,
BUT WE CAN STILL SLOW
OUR ENEMY'S ADVANCE.
I NOW PLAY
MY HIDDEN CARD.
DUNGEON WORM, RETURN
TO THE SURFACE NOW
IN ATTACK MODE.
AND I WILL STRENGTHEN IT
WITH INVIGORATION,
WHICH RAISES
ITS ATTACK POWER
BY 400 POINTS.
WHAT IS THAT BEAST?!
HUH?
Dox: IT'S A BURROWER,
AND IT'S COMING FOR YOU.
WHERE'D IT GO?
WHERE'S THAT THING
HIDIN'?
AAH!
NO!
Joey: NO!
MY CELTIC GUARDIAN!
Dox: WATCH YOUR
LIFE POINTS GO SLITHERING AWAY.
[BOTH CHUCKLE]
HEY,
THAT'S NOT FAIR.
THAT CREATURE
CAN POP UP ANYPLACE.
THAT'S TRUE. THIS FIELD
GIVES THEIR MONSTERS
ALL THE ADVANTAGE.
THAT'S RIGHT.
NO ONE ESCAPES
THE LABYRINTH.
IT'S UP TO YOU, YUG.
YOU'RE GONNA
HAVE TO PULL A WINNER
OUT OF YOUR HAT.
GREAT IDEA.
I PLAY MAGICAL HATS.
HATS, MATERIALIZE!
AS FOR OUR WARRIORS,
NOW YOU SEE THEM...
NOW YOU DON'T.
AAH! THE HATS!
THEY'RE
MULTIPLYING,
HIDING
ALL THEIR
MONSTERS.
ALL RIGHT, YUG.
THAT SHOULD SURE CONFUSE
THAT SLIMY WORM
OF THEIRS.
AND THE DUNGEON
WORM'S ATTACK POWER
IS ONLY 2,200,
WHILE THE DARK
MAGICIAN'S IS 2,500.
SO IF
THE WORM CHOOSES
THE WRONG HAT
AND UNCOVERS
THE DARK MAGICIAN,
HE'LL ONLY
DESTROY HIMSELF.
[BOTH GROAN]
AND THAT GUARANTEES
YOUR SWORDSMAN'S
SAFETY AS WELL,
BECAUSE WITH
THE DARK MAGICIAN
LYING IN WAIT,
THE WORM DARE NOT
STRIKE ANY HATS.
HA. YOUR LITTLE PLAN
IS NOT AS FOOLPROOF
AS YOU THINK, YUGI.
MONSTER TAMER, APPEAR NOW
IN ATTACK MODE!
HYAH!
HMM? THE MONSTER TAMER?
HA. NORMALLY,
I COULDN'T CONTROL
THE DUNGEON WORM
OR ANY OTHER MONSTER
MY BROTHER
PLACED ON THE FIELD,
BUT BY USING
THIS MONSTER TAMER,
I CAN ADD 600 POINTS
TO THE DUNGEON WORM'S
ATTACK POWER
AND ALSO MAKE THE WORM
FOLLOW MY TAMER'S INSTRUCTIONS
DURING MY TURN.
[THINKING]
OH, 2,800.
THAT RAISES
THE DUNGEON WORM'S
ATTACK POWER
HIGHER THAN
THE DARK MAGICIAN'S.
NOW, MONSTER TAMER,
COMMAND MY BROTHER'S
DUNGEON WORM
TO DESTROY
ONE OF THE MAGIC HATS!
[THINKING]
WITH THEIR DUNGEON
WORM POWERED UP
BY THE MONSTER TAMER,
THIS ALL
COMES DOWN TO LUCK.
[ROARS]
HMM. EMPTY HAT.
WHOA. THAT WAS CLOSE.
[THINKING] LUCK
WAS WITH US THIS TIME,
BUT THE DUNGEON WORM
WILL ATTACK AGAIN
NEXT TURN.
AND THEN, WITH ONLY
ONE EMPTY HAT REMAINING,
THE ODDS
WILL BE AGAINST US.
WHAT CAN WE DO?
DON'T SWEAT IT.
HUH?
I GOT IT
ALL FIGURED OUT.
YOU JUST SIT BACK
AND WATCH ME
AND THE FLAME
SWORDSMAN GO.
[GROWLS]
JOEY, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
IS JOEY NUTS?
HIS SWORDSMAN
WAS SAFE.
DON'T WORRY. THIS TIME
I KNOW WHAT I'M DOIN'.
I PLAYED A MAGIC CARD--
SALAMANDRA!
AAH!
THAT'S RIGHT.
YOU OUGHTA BE SCARED.
IT JUICES UP
ANY FIRE-BASED BLADE
AND RAISES
ITS ATTACK POINTS 700.
SWORDSMAN,
SALAMANDRA FLAMESTRIKE!
WHERE IS IT GOING?!
GOOD SHOW. NOT ONLY
DOES SALAMANDRA
INCREASE
THE SWORDSMAN'S
ATTACK STRENGTH,
BUT BECAUSE
OF THE WORM'S
WEAKNESS TO FIRE,
IT NEGATES
THE BONUS POINTS
THE WORM GOT FROM
THE MONSTER TAMER,
RETURNING
ITS ATTACK POWER
TO 2,200.
Joey: LESS THAN MY
SUPERCHARGED SWORDSMAN.
THE WORM TURNS.
OR SHOULD I SAY BURNS?
TOP THAT!
JOEY, GREAT MOVE.
GOOD GOING.
YOU DID IT.
YOU MUST DRAW
THE CARD WE NEED.
INDEED.
HMM. HA!
THE THIRD PIECE!
THIS WILL
SEAL THEIR FATE.
HMM. THE THIRD PIECE,
HA.
WITH WHICH
WE'LL NOW CREATE...
A MONSTER
WHO WILL...
Both: ANNIHILATE!
AAH!
HA!
AGAINST THE...
TRINITY.
Para: THEY CAN'T DEFEND...
Dox: ALL THEIR LIFE POINTS
WE WILL REND.
Both: SUMMON
KAZEJIN, GOD OF WIND.
UH, YUGI, WHAT'S HAPPENING?
OH, NO.
THE TRINITY!
IT'S IN
THE CLASS OF EXODIA.
Joey: WHOA.
Para, Dox:
ELEMENTS OF THUNDER,
WATER, AND WIND,
SUIJIN, SANGA,
KAZEJIN, BEGIN.
MELD YOUR POWERS
IN ETERNAL LIGHT.
SHOW THESE FOOLS
YOUR UNSTOPPABLE MIGHT.
HERE IT COMES.
WHAT IS IT?
I DON'T KNOW.
Para: HE IS PAIN
BEYOND DESCRIPTION.
Dox: HE'LL MARK THE GRAVES
WITH YOUR INSCRIPTION.
Both: GATE GUARDIAN!
[GROWLS]
Para, Dox:
AGAINST OUR GATE GUARDIAN,
YOU CANNOT POSSIBLY WIN.
OH, IT HAS THE STRENGTH
OF 3 MONSTERS.
YEAH.
HE'S 3 GUYS IN ONE.
WE'RE NEVER GETTIN'
OUT OF THIS MAZE.
Téa: NOW WHAT DO THEY DO?
Bakura:
I DON'T KNOW.
THIS LOOKS BAD.
DON'T BE
SO DOWNBEAT,
BAKURA.
IF THEY
DON'T BEAT 'EM,
WE'LL NEVER
GET OUT OF
THE LABYRINTH.
TRISTAN, THANKS
FOR CHEERING ME UP, MATE.
SO, THINK
YOU CAN BEAT US
WITH YOUR
BIG MULTIPLE GUY?
WELL, WE'RE
NOT GIVIN' UP.
LET'S GO. BRING IT ON!
HA HA HA HA HA.
YOU MUST BE MAD.
NO ONE'S
EVER GOTTEN PAST
THE GATE GUARDIAN.
HE IS COMPOSED
OF 3 PARTS,
EACH CONTROLLING
AN ELEMENTAL FORCE.
YOU'LL
NEVER GET PAST
HIS COMBINED POWER.
YOU WILL WANDER
THE LABYRINTH...
Both: LOST FOR ALL ETERNITY.
ME AND YUGI'LL TAKE ON
ANYTHING THAT YOU GOT!
JOEY'S RIGHT. WE'RE A TEAM.
YOU'LL NEVER BEAT
OUR COMBINED POWER.
TAKE YOUR TURN.
HA.
I TOLD YOU
TO TAKE ME
TO MOKUBA,
NOT ON A TOUR.
IT'S ENDLESS.
THESE TUNNELS
ARE HONEYCOMBED
THROUGHOUT
THE ENTIRE ISLAND.
WITHOUT ME TO GUIDE YOU,
YOU COULD GET LOST
DOWN HERE FOR YEARS.
DON'T GET ANY IDEAS.
LISTEN, SLIM,
I'M MUCH BIGGER
AND MUCH STRONGER
THAN YOU ARE.
YOU ONLY
GOT THE JUMP ON ME
'CAUSE YOU SNUCK UP
AND TOOK ME BY SURPRISE.
WHAT'S TO STOP ME
FROM SPINNIN' AROUND
RIGHT NOW
AND KNOCKIN' YOUR--UHH.
TRY IT,
AND I'LL DROP YOU
WHERE YOU STAND.
WELL, WHEN
YOU PUT IT THAT WAY,
NOTHING
WOULD PLEASE ME MORE
THAN TO REUNITE YOU
WITH YOUR BROTHER MOKUBA.
[THINKING]
YOU PROMISED, SETO.
YOU PROMISED YOU'D NEVER
LET ANYONE SEPARATE US.
EVEN AT THE ORPHANAGE,
WHEN ALL THE OTHER BOYS
WERE BEING ADOPTED
ONE BY ONE,
SOME PARENTS WANTED YOU--
SAID YOU WERE A GENIUS--
BUT YOU REFUSED
TO GO WITHOUT ME.
Young Mokuba: THANK YOU.
THAT COULD'VE BEEN YOU.
[THINKING]
BUT YOU SAID WE WEREN'T
LEAVING THE ORPHANAGE
UNTIL WE COULD BOTH
LEAVE TOGETHER.
Young Mokuba:
YOU WON'T LET THEM
SEPARATE US?
Young Seto: NEVER.
DON'T YOU WORRY.
NO ONE WILL
EVER KEEP US APART.
[THINKING]
BUT WHAT ABOUT PEGASUS?
YOU COULDN'T STOP HIM
FROM CAPTURING ME.
IS HE TOO MUCH
FOR YOU TO HANDLE?
WHAT IF
HE'S GOT YOU, TOO?
Kemo: OK, THIS
IS AS FAR AS WE GO.
WHERE'S MOKUBA?
IN PEGASUS' GRIP,
JUST LIKE YOU'LL
SOON BE, KAIBA.
STOP PLAYING GAMES.
[BUZZER SOUNDING]
AH! THE ALARM.
IF YOU WANT
TO FIND YOUR BROTHER
BEFORE REINFORCEMENTS
ARRIVE, BETTER HURRY.
SECURITY WILL BE HERE
ANY MOMENT.
MOKUBA! UNH.
I'VE GOTTA GET HIM
OUT OF HERE,
AWAY FROM PEGASUS.
SIR, KEMO
HAS REPORTED IN.
IT SEEMS
SETO KAIBA
HAS BEEN SPOTTED
IN THE TUNNELS.
HMM,
ONCE AGAIN, CROQUET,
YOU REPORT
WHAT I ALREADY KNOW.
I BEG YOUR
PARDON, MASTER.
YOU CAN BEG LATER
WHEN YOU ARE PUNISHED.
HUH?
SETO KAIBA'S PRESENCE
ON THE ISLAND
WAS NOT PART
OF MY ORIGINAL PLAN,
BUT PERHAPS
I CAN TURN THIS
TO MY ADVANTAGE
AND MY AMUSEMENT.
Seto:
MOKUBA? MOKUBA?
SETO!
MY BROTHER'S HERE!
IT'S YOUR TURN,
YUGI.
ATTACK THAT
BIG, UGLY LUG!
NOTHING IN MY DECK
IS POWERFUL ENOUGH
TO ATTACK THE GATE GUARDIAN.
I CAN ONLY PLAY THESE.
Para: WHAT A WASTE
OF A TURN.
YOU'RE FRIGHTENED,
FOR ALL YOUR MONSTERS
ARE TOO WEAK
TO ATTACK OURS.
GATE GUARDIAN,
USE YOUR IMMENSE POWER.
ATTACK FLAME SWORDSMAN.
ELIMINATE HIM
FROM THE FIELD.
THIS IS IT, BUD.
WE'RE GOIN' DOWN
IN A BIG WAY.
UNH.
Para: THUNDERSTROKE ATTACK!
Joey: FLAME SWORDSMAN
IS ABOUT TO FLAME OUT.